enh: Including contributions best practices (#4334)
kubernetes/community: contributors/guide/README.md

Note: if your pull request isn't getting enough attention, you can use the [#pr-reviews](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/pr-reviews) channel on Slack to get help finding reviewers.

## Contributions best practices

- Do write clear and meaningful Git commit messages.

> - Make sure to include _Github Special Keywords_ which references the issue and automatically closes the issue when PR is merged.

Reviewer: Would it be possible to add a note on `@` mentioning people in commit messages? We don't currently allow those.^^;;;
ref: https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/pull/9387

Author: Sure!

Author: @mrbobbytables Done!

Note: if your pull request isn't getting enough attention, you can use the [#pr-reviews](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/pr-reviews) channel on Slack to get help finding reviewers.

## Contributions best practices

> - Do write clear and meaningful Git commit messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Write clear and meaningful git commit messages.
```

> - Make sure to include _Github Special Keywords_ which references the issue and automatically closes the issue when PR is merged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the PR will *completely* fix a specific issue, include `fixes #123` in the PR body (where 123 is the specific issue number the PR will fix. This will automatically close the issue when the PR is merged.
```

> - Make sure you don't include `@mentions` or `GitHub Keywords` in your PR commit message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Make sure you don't include `@mentions` or `fixes` keywords in your git commit messages. These should be included in the PR body instead.
```

> - When you make a small change to a PR like fixing a typo, any style change, or changing grammar. Make sure you squash your commits so that you dont get a large number of commits for a relatively small change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When you make a PR for small change (such as fixing a typo, style change, or grammar fix), please squash your commits so that we can maintain a cleaner git history.
```

> - Make sure you include a nice PR description depicting the code you have changes, why to change a following piece of code and ensuring there is sufficient information for the reviewer to understand your PR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Make sure you include a clear and detailed PR description explaining the reasons for the changes, and ensuring there is sufficient information for the reviewer to understand your PR.
```
